1: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repo, you are essentially enabling the repo's history to
be tracked using Git Version Control. It adds the .git folder that contains
meta data that allows the history of the repo to be tracked. It does not commit
anything, when initializing.

It needs to be done so that a directory containing code can be used as a git
repo, with the history being able to be tracked.

2: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

The working directory contains all the files of the repo. The repo consists of
all the files making up the project, plus the git metadata that allows tracking
of commits. The repo basically contains all the commits. The staging area is a
kind of like a separate area where we can place files that we want to include in 
a coming commit. We usually don't wantto commit all the files in the working 
directory for each commit because we want to keep these commits atomic and 
logically small. Therefore the staging area allows us to select exactly which 
files from the working directory we want to commit in the next commit. The 
staging area is not a collection of files or is not a directory, nor does is 
store the version history of the files. It is merely a space where we can 
stage files to be commited.

Staging area is a copy of the most recent commit, until changes are added to
it. Working directory contains the changes that we have made to the files.

3: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?

Using the staging area you can "add" only the files that are required to invoke
a logical change. These files can then be commited. You can use the staging
area to explicitly select which files you want to commit for each commit. This
way you can keep to the one commit per logical change regime.

4: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
history organized? How would branches help?

Situations - adding experimental features, implementing support for different
languagues or platforms; all while still wanting a working version of the main
code that can be worked on for bug fixes etc.

Branches allow non linear commits. A branch, when created, creates a copy of
the current commit and creates a separate path on which commits will be tracked
in this branch. This way a new feature can be added without affecting the main
working branch. If this feature works and is tested, it can be merged into the
main branch later.

5: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagram allow you to see what commits lie on each branch as well as at which
commit, relative to master, or other branches, a new branch was created. It
allows you to see which commits are reachable from various branhes.
